1|1|%I never had any problems when they were Northwest Airlines. Since they became Delta, it's nothing but problems!!! I endured 7, 8, 9 gate changes the other day (I stopped counting after 5) first connection was cancelled, then the 2nd connection flight got pushed back every hour after the original 8:11 scheduled departure. Flight finally left at 11:30pm. I got to hang out in the Detroit terminal for 11 hours. No snow was involved but there were at least a half dozen other flights that were having mechanical problems. Is Delta the next American Airlines? They don't seem to know how to schedule anything anymore, planes aren't apparently being maintained and like a lot of other passengers, I too had a watch stolen out of my suitcase last year. How much longer can this last???%
1|2|%Thank you Delta Airlines!, I received my Luggage two days later and where is my watch?%
1|3|%Return flight from Newcastle to Pittsburgh--3 e-mails in 1 day( 3 days before and one sent at 10.45 pm) informing about Flight Schedule..1st one was old schedule that was cancelled in September.2nd one was CORRECT..then last one sent around 10.45pm had a different "Confirmation" number but with the Correct flight details on EXCEPT it did not have the last part of the flight from Newcastle to Amsterdam on !!!!..2 e-mails sent to "Customer Care" requesting confirmation that this paid for return journey will be completed...I'm going anyway as trip cannot be cancelled but will think twice in future as"Outsourcing" seems a major problem.%
1|4|%Today we walk to the priority counter in Key West and before we get 10 feet away, a total jerk of an employee yells and points saying "use the kiosk". He was obviously busy doing nothing. Kiosk tells us to see gate agent! He then informs us that the only way they can get more kiosks is to show Delta that they get used a lot. I said "great, you get more kiosks and we get even less service." Jerk!!!%
1|5|%DELTA AIRLINES HAS NO CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!! I recieved an email this morning that told me now I have 3 flights, that I had 2 layovers and I wasn't going to get into DTW until after midnight on my flight back from Cali after Christmas, when my original flight had 1 layover and I got into DTW around10pm I called and was told it was a schedule change, and that there was nothing I could do about it, and that if I watned to change my flight, or get a refund. Those were my 2 options, I was told the "computer" did it. I changed my flight, but the customer service was TERRIBLE!!!!!! The person that helped me acted like she was doing my a favor to change my flight - and when I asked to speak to a supervisor the supervisor listened to me for a minute and then just HUNG UP ON ME!!!! When you fly, everyone knows that you get treated bad, and that airlines don't care about customer service anymore, but this takes the cake!%
1|6|%Delta just called because our flight times were changed causing to miss our connecting flight. This is the 3rd time it's changed. We fly in 8 weeks and I'm getting nervous that it's going to wreck the whole family vacation. Will never fly Delta again after this!%
1|2|%Is there someway to lodge a complaint to Delta? I was told to go on the website, but when you click on comments, it just gives you a form to fill out and the form takes you back to a part of the website that has information about that subject.%
1|3|%Booked my husband's flight from SLC to EWR...connecting through MSP. Got to the airport on time...no problem there. They boarded the airplane and left the gate. It wasn't until they were preparing to take off that they realized that they didn't have to documents for the plane on on board. They had to go back to the gate and left 51 minutes late! Got to MSP with time to get on the plane and found that they had given his seat away! He had to wait until 1pm to leave. 3 hour wait because of their disorganization and the irresponsible actions of an employee? Someone should be fired and he should be compensated for his time! Whatever happened to the old Delta that we once depended on and who treated us like human beings, not cargo?%
1|2|%I booked my honeymoon through Delta, we haven't even been on it but it's already a mess. I only booked a couple months in advance, but last month I got maybe three or four notices that my flight has been changed. Seriously? First it was only a couple hours, which was no big deal... but the next one was a DAY. an entire DAY. I called the 1800 number (isn't that fun??) and they said their flight changed and I could only leave a day earlier or a day later.%
2|4|%Went to the Delta Airlines website 7/12/2011 purchased a flight for $709, went back 7/13/2011 same exact flight is $584. Emailed them, and their response was complaints on pricing must be filed by midnight of purchase date? They don't even give you 24HRS ? Unbelievable! Don't buy Delta!!!%
2|1|%After three weeks with Comcast, switched back to Qwest. Went in to get my 30-day money-back guarantee and was told my bill had been zeroed out. Today got a call from collections! Apparently, they forgot to zero it out in the computer!%
2|2|%my internet is always down, then on, then down again! And when I call all they say is, their working on it OR we can refund you for that day... URRR...%
2|3|%Every time I think I can get over it with Comcast, they take me to new depths of suckness. Billing sucks. Equipment sucks. Phone reps suck. Chat reps suck. IT systems suck. I think they've finally pushed me over the hump. I'm headed for the Qwest bundle. There has been no more horrific consumer relationship in my entire life than Comcast. Farewell, Comcast. You're expensive, you're problematic, and you suck.%
2|4|%so for some reason, comcast says everyone of my channels is not authorized. NOT AUTHORIZED. on every freaking channel%
2|5|%Sooooooooooooo Slooooooooooooow! I'd feel bad if I got paid for such shoddy service. If I didn't know bwtter I'd swear I was back on dial-up. How about a refund for the 3 times a day that I have to walk away for 10-20 minutes to wait for my internet service to come back?%
2|6|%I love how the $10.00 basic cable isn't advertised on their website....and when I asked why I was told that I must not be looking at a recently updated site....it's their main site!! They just don't anyone to purchase it.%
2|1|%My Internet was out all weekend, called Comcast about it. Got an automated response, "We're working on it". During this time, I received a marketing call from Comcast...asking me if I wanted to add to my service...!!! Pay more money for worse service??....right...%
3|5 %Was suppose to land at 10pm one night but had to return to original airport due to low visibility. Next flight did not leave until noon the next day. Now delayed until 2:30pm - just when the fog is going to roll in again. Though other airlines departed original airport and landed at desired destination United would not release my ticket funds to I could get on other airlines with husband and daughter.%
3|2%United left me stranded in Sacramento after they cancelled my ticket home. They would not help solve the problem and let US Air issue me that part of the ticket I had already paid for. My mistake was changing the date on the middle leg of the journey. They just cancelled my return trip for the fun of it I guess. Of course I cannot reach a real person with customer service.%
3|1|%Second time since May that these miscreants assigned a gate and with no verbal announcement switched gates for my intended flights. They said they make no verbal announcements and I need to check the arrival and departure boards. Unprofessional, smug, no courtesy. They will be Continental's rectal cancer.%
3|3|%After being unable to complete website reserv. for assigned seating; wasting another 90 min on telephone; submitting all personal info and credit card; I could not get assigned seating. That is why I chose United vs. discount airline. Immediately asked for refund and now I'm being told to wait 7 to 10 business days. Reservations had to be made today,now without any money. All I wanted was assigned seating. Why couldn't they have told me at the beginning?%
3|4|%Was given the wrong gate number, then when I found the correct gate number of the departure display rushed to it with 15 minutes to spare. The lady at the gate said "Can I help you?" Uhh, yeah, I'd like to get on my flight. "It left already." Are you kidding me? It shouldn't depart for another 15 minutes!!! "That's why you should board 10 minutes early" OMFG. ARE YOU SERIOUS RIGHT NOW? "Go talk to customer service." Now I've been awake for 26 hours, sitting in the airport, waiting for the next available flight, and let me tell ya... Never again will I step foot on a united flight. Who the hell departs early when someone is missing from the flight? WTFFFF.%
4|1|%I picked up rental that was suppose to be billed to the auto shop's account.  It was confirmed over and over during pick up of the car.  Mind you, it took the idiot behind the counter 15 minutes to enter what they needed on the computer.  Instead after the car was returned with more gas than it started with, they said everything was fine.  Instead they charged my credit card.  After the auto shop called and called, they promised the charges would be reversed, fast forward 4 weeks later, now they said I asked for an upgrade, never mind this charge wasn't suppose to happen in the first place.  I never asked for a upgrade, and the person JILL who accused me of this wasn't even there when I picked up the car.  

The overall rental process took over 30 minutes.  If you need a rental, got to enterprise by mosconi center, i get my work rental there and they never give me a bad time, they are actually professional and only charge what was agreed upon.

Next stop, complaint with the better business bureau. I can't get the charges reversed because they won't provide a receipt showing it was suppose to be billed to an account.%
4|2|%Today was the first and last time I will ever rent from Hertz. I have never experienced such rude service in my entire life, first from the front desk clerk, so I asked to speak to the manager who was even worse!!

This happened at the Albuquerque, NM airport Hertz office. I called the National Office to report the poor service, where they informed me that they had no control over local offices. WHAT??

As I said, this is the first and last time I will ever deal with Hertz. This was a $500 learning experience for me. (They originally quoted me and reserved the car for $175.) Please do not put yourself through the same experience I had today - DO NOT RENT FROM HERTZ.%
4|3|%I am a Hertz Number #1 Club Gold Member, and I rent from Hertz about once a week. Here is why Hertz SUCKS: Their "frequent renter" program is a total JOKE. It takes TONS of rentals to earn anything worthwhile, and then they send you a paper certificate. If you earn a free rental day, you must track and keep hold of that certificate, or it is just TOO BAD for you. There is NO RECORD of your awards at Hertz, and I suspect they do it that way on purpose. Why can't they be like Southwest Airlines or Starwood Hotels, two first class affinity programs? I have enough to keep track of already, and maintaning a file for Hertz awards is probably not going to happpen. It is paradoxical--the reason I am a good Hertz customer is because I am BUSY. So why would they give me more to worry about?? Until Hertz fixes this, they will SUCK. I am stuck with them for corporate reasons, but others should run away from Hertz!%
4|4|%On Sunday I flew, with my five year old son, to Baltimore Washington Internation airport (BWI). We went to support my father and attend the funeral of his father. My son had gotten quite close with Grandpa Jim since we moved down to Tampa so I wanted him to go for obvious reasons.

My grandfather was to be buried at Quantico with his wife who passed away 12 years ago. He passed away on Father's Day.

Initially I wanted to drive. I haven't been on a plane in 6 years (OpenWorld 2002), and I'm a bit claustrophobic. My parents convinced me that flying was the best way to go since my wife's grandparents were in the hospital as well (94 and 95). I reluctantly agreed. I then decided it would be a good time for my son to take his first flight. I did not want him to be scared of flying, so I knew what I had to do.

I decided to rent a car so that my parents would not have to drive 2 hours to pick me up and take us back. We arrived and we got on the bus to the rental car facility (about 10 minutes away). I booked a car with Budget through USAA.

I quickly found out that Budget put a $500 hold on your debit card. Since we're still adjusting to the new payment schedule, we didn't have that much in the bank. I called my parents and they were all set to come get us. Then the woman from Budget suggested Hertz as they don't put as big a hold on your card.

So I walk over and the first thing I say is, "I don't have $500 in my account, what's your hold?" I don't remember exactly what it was, but it surely wasn't $500. OK, give me a car please, cheapest you got. I only need the car for a day (24 hours). Do you want any options? No. Do you want the Fuel Service Option? Sure, I think, I won't have to fill up on the way back since we'll be cutting it close anyway.

I get the car and drive down to Fort Belvoir with my parents. The following day, we go to the service and then the cemetary. It's 2 o'clock now, the flight leaves at 4:54 and the car has to be back by 3:30.

I figure I'll have to pay some sort of small fee for being past 3:30. No biggie, it happens.

I drop the car off, the guy scans the car, enters the mileage and gives me the receipt. $117. WTF?

Are you kidding me? 

You bought the Fuel Service Option.

Yeah, and you'll deduct the amount that I didn't use right?

No. They should have explained that to you.

Ummm...no, they didn't.

Ultimately, it's my responsibility. I signed the contract. I don't expect to recoup any money.

But if this isn't disingenuous, I don't know what is. The guy knew I need the car for one day. Did he think I was going to drive 450 miles? He also knew that my reservation with Budget fell through because I didn't have $500 in the bank. Then I have a 5 year old running around the facility...

Again, I signed the contract. I accept full responsibility. I just think it sucks on Hertz part. Sadly, my father had the same thing happen to him. Bought the fuel service option and got screwed.

So, my advice to you (as I'm sure more than one of you have to rent a car every so often), don't get the fuel service option!

I will not rent from Hertz again. Budget, while way too much on the deposit, at least pointed me in the right direction. I appreciate that.%
4|5|%So two weeks ago we travelled to Ireland for my grandmother's funeral. We were there for two days and rented a car from Hertz. When we picked up the car, their computers were down. The computers were also down when we returned it and they said we couldn't get a receipt at the time, we would have to request one. 

Well back home and find that Hertz has billed us for an entire week of car rental instead of two days - a difference of about $500. Open a case with Hertz customer service - no response. Call Hertz Ireland and I'm told that every customer service rep in the company is on training today and they have no one to take my call. Call Chase credit card. Chase says that for all they know, I really was in Ireland those days and they really can't do anything but to send over my paperwork and they'll take a look in the next ten to twenty business days. 

AAAAHHHH - where do these people get off? Are they all in on this scam together? I will never rent from Hertz again.%
10|10|%I am so frustrated right now I can hardly type. Everytime I call customer service and I mean everytime the wait is horrendous. My last wonderous experience was with tech located somewhere in the southern hemisphere. I could not understand him and he was very curt with me. He ended up selling me two virus protectors, charged my bank account with both. As soon as I realized what he did, I advised him. He stated he would credit my bank account right then. Not true. I have made at least 10 phone calls trying to get one of the virus protectors cancelled and get credit on my credit card. To date, I have no results. I will never never never purchase another Dell computer again.%
10|11|%I bought a Dell Inspiron 531 with Vista Premium about a year and a half ago. I have spent so much time on the phone talking to dell technicians about the constantly occuring problems, so that I am about ready to go to Apple PC's. I had hardware extended warranty, so all of my problems became software problems. I bought software extended warranty, and now they are "hardware related software" problems. Several times the solution has been to reload all the software, meaning who knows how many hours saving everything, risking losing stuff, and then reloading everything. The first time this was recommended by atechnician on a previous problem I found a software technician that implemented a simple fix. I have several specific complaints.

1. I cannot find a Dell representative with any authority that will deal with the problem. You can't get by the overseas technicians.
2. There is a real language barrier, even though the technicians you are dealing with "speak English".
3. I have a relatively new computer that would have been handled by "lemon laws" if it was a car. Dell, replace my PC with one that works reliably.%
10|5|%Dell does not provide specific shipping carrier information. A customer cannot request a specific carrier. Dell shipped my son's computer to his college apartment using FedX. Fedx will not deliver to an apartment only to the outside door of the building. The estimated delivery time was 8AM to 8PM. My son, who is disabled, was expected to sit, stand and lay on the floor in the lobby of his building to receive his computer from 8am to the delivery.

After several calls to Dell and FedX (Dell did nothing), the Fedx driver agreed to call just before delivery. My son had already sat in the lobby almost 3 hours.

Recommendation - Do not buy Dell if you live in an apartment and don't have anything shipped FedX.%
9|3|%Dear AT&T. I think it is almost time for an intervention. You are so pre-occupied with the image that is painted about you in the media concerning your 3G net or Wifi coverage, that you completely forget to invest in the people that actually make you more money; the people that place phone calls. These people have bought a phone to be reachable. Just think of the basics first, and do that good! Make these customers happy, and they probably will be willing to pay even more for data coverage in 3G, upgrading to iPhone and spending that extra amount of money on data services.%
9|6|%I believe AT&T DSL speaks for itself. Please, oh please, do yourselves a favor and NEVER bother with at&t. For those of you already sharing in my misery, I am sorry.

It just seems shady to me that a company as huge as AT&T can offer this service and not have any guarantees on it, and then when something does go wrong, as it most certainly will, their way of “fixing the problem” is trying to get you to upgrade to their U-Verse service, which is monumentally more expensive than the DSL. Obviously.

The U-Verse service provides high-speed internet, digital phone and cable and is around $100 a month. Right now with just phone and DSL, I believe we pay about $60 a month, so that would be $40 for cable. Not bad, if you actually watch TV.%
9|15|%My family have been customers for DSL service for over a year. Our bill automatically comes out of our account through debit card. Well, a few weeks ago my wife lost the card and we forgot to update our account. About a week or so ago our service was disconnected. So I called after I realized what happened  and was told that our DSL lines are capped in my area. Also, 3 days beforehand ATT sent us a fifty-three dollar check. Now, first-off how in the &@11 can I have dsl one minute and the next our lines are capped?? Secondly, why are we getting a check if funds aren't available to pay the present bill due to a cancelled debit card?? If the demand in my neighborhood is enough to "cap" the lines, why aren't more added?? Of course, I can't get in contact with anyone other than the m0r0nz hundreds of miles away that don't have answers for my questions. As of right now I am screwed because I start college online in 2 weeks without internet service!! Thanks a lot ATT!! You really show that you care, one really p'd off customer%
9|13|%The iLine outside the Stonetown Galleria for the iPhone 4 this morning was practically pleasant: Cheery Apple Store employees provided advice, coffee, and bottled water while we waited for 8am to come. But once my wife and I got into the store, we ran into trouble–namely AT&T activation glitches that prevented her from paying for her iPhone 4S and taking it home. In fact, it’s 11am now and she’s apparently still waiting. (I had to leave eventually.) And she’s not alonea.%
9|8|%Over the past few months, I have been experiencing an enormous amount of Dropped Calls.  As well, I have noticed the reception, which was once superior in my home, is now very poor.   I have a Blackberry Torch (the newest model by the way) and I do not believe this problem is a Devise issue, rather an internal, and most annoying issue that is going to cost AT&T a valuable customer!  Verizon, I hear, awwsome service and a much clearer signal with fewer Dropped Calls...  I'll find out in the morning!%
8|3|%There are complaints about Best Buys here in NYC. The complaints are restocking fees and bad attitudes by the staff. I asked a man if he would get the radio/cd player i wanted and he got smuggled with me for no apparent reason. I was very nice to that young man.Not to long after that i read about a complaint on line from a woman who said she had a very bad time with the staff @ Best Buy and it was the same Best Buy I had the problem at. She said the staff was very rude to her and that she did no wrong to any staff member.%
8|12|%I will not purchase anything from Best Buy again.  I called the Best Buy Store in Fayetteville Arkansas and spoke to a customer service rep who told me that they would price match an ipad I purchased 3 weeks ago. The price has been lowered by $ 100.00.  So I drove to the store only to have a manager tell me NO, they will not match the price and refund the difference.  So I called the 888 bestbuy customer service number.  The rep couldn't help either.  He said he would call the store and solve the issue.  The same store manager told him she wouldn't refund the $ 100.  I asked to speak to a supervisor but was told no.  I asked for the district manager name and phone number.  I was told no.%
8|13|%So, first of all the salesman tries to sell me a $30 sim card when I saw $9.99 on their site. Apparently the turnip truck is how I got to the store.% 
8|11|%For one, they don’t have enough sales people in the computers and laptops department.  Worse, even if I have selected exactly the laptop I need without any help from the salespeople, I can’t just grab a laptop in the box and go to the checkout.  I have to wait for the geeky Best Buy salesrep to stop flirting with the cute girls long enough for me to inconvenience him to climb a ladder and give me my box. 

So much for Do-it-Yourself (DIY) shopping.  You’d think they would make it easier for people to give them their fricking money.  So, for that, and many other reasons, I think Best Buy sucks and the only reason they won’t go out of business is because there simply aren’t that many competitors left.%
7|14|%I'm having some issues with my blackberry I've called T mobile and Have been on hold for close to an hour to wait for a rep. The lack of service from this company
is disgusting!%
7|15|%The actual cell phone service is as good or as bad as any depending on how close you are to their tower.  And I have to say the customer service is consistent among them, rotten.  Seems like all hey want to do is tick you off so you go to the next carrier and find it is almost as bad.  Big difference though is T-Mobile ticks you off from day one, like they don't even want to sign you up in the first place.  I went through pure hell just to get a sim card out of them and even offered to pay up front the entire first year contract cost.  Still call after call, live chat after live chat, hand off after hand off then back to square one again and again.%
5|3|%be VERY careful! I tried to move a large amount out of BOA for my mom and they froze her account! They are claiming there is no signature card on file so she cannot make transactions. We've had to hire a lawyer. Move your money VERy quietly!%
7|12|%I am not agreeing with the Bank of America's policy. But, I normally pay $12.00 a month for my checking/debit card account. I called the 1-800 number and told them I could not afford an extra $5.00 a month for debit card uses. They offered me 2 free months of no charges, and then starting in January no more monthly $12.00 fee, I only will pay $5.00 a month. For this plan, I have to check my account online and if there is an issue to only interact with BofA on the phone. If I go to the bank and access my account, they will charge me an extra $8.65? (for that month). I don't remember the stipulations on using the ATM machine, I think they said to deposit checks will have to be done via the atm. I am not sure about using the atm for cash, I very rarely carry cash. At least call the bank to see what they will offer you. Good Luck!!! Change banks if you want, the above is what happened to me.%
7|6|%I think their return item chargeback fee is BS. They withdrew $12 from my checking account because the check I deposited was about a year old and it bounced. That just seems ridiculous. I thought if it didn't go through I would just get a letter stating that. The fee took me by surprise. I hate this company.%
7|9|%Bank of America opened, then 2 days later, closed my checking account. Half a dozen phone calls finally produced the information that BofA had gotten my credit reports from both Equifax and Experian and only a month after closing the account and after Matthew, in a phone call, mistakenly mentioned the Risk Management department had used credit reports in their decision to close my account, but they did not provide the written notification which is required.

Had this 'Customer Advocate' not screwed up and mentioned this they would NOT have provided the letter (below) so I could obtain free copies of my report as I am entitled to do.%
6|5|%Citibank sent me a letter that I did not cash a check from them for $120 issued on 5/11/11.  They left no phone number on that check.  Yet they told me to contact them regarding their reissuing a check.

So I called them and they said my account does not exist.  I had to look up their phone number, and they asked me all sorts of questions about my mother's maiden name, etc.
This was after being on hold for half an hour, and being transferred. WTF?%
